[BOY, echoing]
Are you okay?
-[heart thumps]
-[AMERI gasps]
You're not hurt, are you?
[gasps sharply]
-[grunts]
-[IRUMA] Huh?
You, there. Tell me your name.
Uh, yes, ma'am, my name's Iruma.
[AMERI]
Iruma.
So he's the one.
He's bumped into me,
and he's trying to make me
fall in love with him!
I've no doubt. This boy is...
[IRUMA groans]
He's absolutely... human!
-[AMERI grunts]
-[IRUMA gasps]
[AMERI grunts]
[IRUMA] I honestly have no idea
what's happening here.
[AMERI grunts]
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves and spoils Iruma,
and is even sending him
to the most
prestigious school in the land.
But there is just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human
or I'm gonna get eaten for sure.
[IRUMA, CLARA AND ASMODEUS]
"First Love Memories."
[groans]
[sighs]
[AMERI] Calm down.
Just calm down, Ameri.
I must do what's necessary.
If anyone learns there's
a human in the netherworld,
it'll be chaos.
[grunting]
I'll just tell my dad,
the head of
the Demon Security Police
and have him sent
to the proper facility.
As student council president,
I have to consider anything
that disturbs the peace
at this school a crime.
[IRUMA] She seems incredibly mad
that I bumped into her.
Hey, uh, I'm sorry for--
[grunts]
[AMERI]
He almost got the jump on me.
Good thing I could
read his body language.
[BOY chuckles]
[BOY]
Whoops, my bad.
[RIN]
Oh, jeez.
Dang it, Kakeru.
[KAKERU]
Sorry.
[RIN gasps, yells]
[gasps, echoes]
Badump, badump.
[KAKERU, echoes]
[BOTH]
Sha-la-la-la.
[AMERI]
It's just like that scene
in the forbidden texts!
[NARRATOR]
By the by,
Ameri can't read human language.
She just has
intense visceral reactions
to the pictures.
[AMERI]
He's dangerous.
I won't miss
a single move he makes.
[IRUMA]
No doubt about it, she's mad!
I didn't mean
to bump into you, honest.
I'm sorry!
Sorry! Sorry!
[BOTH]
Now what?
[BOTH grunting]
[AMERI] I instinctively
copied his movements.
But what do I do from here?
[AMERI]
Is he holding my hands
to make me
fall in love with him?!
[IRUMA]
I don't understand.
Why is she bowing?!
[gasps]
Huh?
Oh, that's nothing.
[BOTH gasp]
No way! This takes me back.
Yeah, it's
"First Love Memories"!
[gasps]
I love this series,
it's one of my favorites.
As a matter of fact,
I was an assistant
on this manga way back when.
How nostalgic.
Sorry!
Anyway, these two meet
in volume one
and then this thing happens
and this other thing...
[AMERI]
"First... Love... Memories"?
I have no idea
what he's talking about,
but he knows these texts.
So you really are--
The scene where they confess
their feelings
under the cherry blossom tree
is fantastic.
[AMERI]
Hmm?
It brings Rin and Kakeru
just that much closer together.
Are you saying you can actually
read that book?
'Course I can.
But I'm really surprised,
I would never have expected
to find it here.
We're in the netherworld,
after all.
What am I doing?!
Uh, what I mean is, uh...
[gasps]
[gasps deeply]
So you're seriously saying
you can read it?!
Uh, sure, I can.
Then tell me.
What does this say?
[IRUMA]
"I-I'm the transfer student,
Kakeru Aozora."
How about this?
[IRUMA]
"Badump, badump."
-And this?
-[IRUMA] "Squee, squee."
-Right, you're coming with me.
-[IRUMA gasps]
[IRUMA]
Ohh, no! I'm dead.
She must have
figured out I'm a human.
[gasps] What's she gonna do?
Is she gonna eat me?!
[IRUMA screams]
Hmm? Um...
Um, is this--
-Now begin, please.
-[IRUMA] Huh?
I... I want you
to read it out loud.
Really, out loud?
You want me to read it to you?
Yes, that's right!
[IRUMA]
Oh, yeah.
I guess demons
can't read human language.
But if I read this to her,
she'll definitely
figure out I'm human.
[AMERI]
It's-it's just for validation.
I have to confirm
that he's human.
It's not like
I'm actually interested
in the content of these books.
Hey. Hurry up.
-Get to reading.
-Okay.
[NARRATOR]
Again, Iruma is powerless
to decline any requests.
Let's see.
[imitating RIN]
"Oh, no. I'm going to be late,
"I gotta go.
"My name's Rin Hoshino.
-"I'm 16 years old.
-[AMERI gasps]
I'm currently running late
for school."
[AMERI] I see.
So that's what that panel said.
-Continue.
-Right.
"I can't believe I'm late
for the first day
of the new semester."
[imitating KAKERU]
"If it's okay,
could you
show me around town?"
[imitating RIN] "Badump.
Is he asking me out on a date?"
-[AMERI] Wait.
-[IRUMA, in normal voice] Huh?
What's this "date" you speak of?
[IRUMA]
Oh? Um, well...
It's when two people
who like each other
hang out and have fun.
[gasps]
[imitating WOMAN'S VOICE]
"You're pathetic,
I always hated you."
[AMERI]
What does that mean?
Are you saying
she wasn't cheering on Rin
and Kakeru's relationship?
Is this woman a demon?
[IRUMA]
No, not exactly.
Should I keep going?
[AMERI]
Hmph.
♪
[inaudible dialogue]
[IRUMA imitating RIN]
"I'm so worried.
"What's going
to happen to my life
at school from now on?"
[IRUMA, in normal voice]
"To be continued."
[AMERI]
Hmm.
[gasps, sighs]
So, um, what'd you think?
[gasps] It's dark outside.
Man, look at that call history.
Grandpa's looking for me.
[gasps] Huh?
[keypad beeping]
-[AMERI] Hmph.
-[IRUMA] Uh...
I entered my number
in your contacts list.
Come at once when I summon you.
Huh?
[AMERI] Don't tell anyone,
and come alone.
-Understand?
-Yes, ma'am.
-Until then.
-[IRUMA] Well--
I already told you my name,
but what's yours?
Ameri.
[IRUMA]
What even was that?
Still...
[inaudible dialogue]
[chuckles softly]
That was actually pretty fun.
[AMERI] He understood
the forbidden texts.
There is no doubt now.
That boy is most definitely...
a human.
I must take
the proper precautions.
Yes, as this school's
student council president...
♪
[gasps]
As student council president,
I need to be more careful
about this!
It's too soon
to jump to conclusions.
At least until
we're finished reading
"First Love Memories"!
-[chimes]
-[IRUMA] Huh?
Azz is texting.
[ASMODEUS]
It appears the student council
is looking for you
regarding that tree
and the
student council president
wishes to speak with you.
The student council president?
Aw, am I gonna
get in trouble now?
[NARRATOR]
Iruma has no idea
that the
student council president
also happens to be Ameri.
♪
[OPERA]
Your bag.
[IRUMA]
Oh, thank you very much.
And by the way, Opera,
you don't need to bring out
the carriage today, seriously.
-Fine.
-Okay, I'm off.
-[OPERA] Iruma sir?
-Huh?
If I may ask you,
do you have any desire
to return to the human world?
[gasps]
-Well--
-So you do want to go back?
I mean, obviously,
I'd like to go, uh...
Ugh.
[NARRATOR]
Iruma's human world parents.
[IRUMA'S DAD]
We'll sell Iruma to a demon.
[IRUMA'S MOM]
Then we'll be rich.
[NARRATOR]
His netherworld grandfather.
[SULLIVAN]
Do you need an advance
on your allowance, Iruma?
Or some toys? Sweets?
I'll give you whatever you want.
[NARRATOR]
How he lived in the human world.
[sobbing]
How he lives in the netherworld.
[IRUMA]
What a spread!
[NARRATOR]
His friends in the human world.
[BOY 1]
What's your name again?
[GIRL]
It's been like six months.
[BOY 2]
Mind cleaning this for me?
[NARRATOR] And his friends
in the netherworld.
[ASMODEUS] Dear Iruma sir,
I'll do anything for you.
You've but to ask.
[CLARA] Iruma-kins, Iruma-kins.
Let's play!
[IRUMA]
Do I wanna go back?
It's like this you see,
should you decide
that you wish to return
then you need only graduate
with a high rank.
Thus reopening the door
to the human world.
[IRUMA gasps]
At least, that's what
I've heard about it.
It's important that you excel.
If you're going to stay here,
you need to strengthen
your resolve.
Huh?
[gasps]
The chair demon is bringing
the carriage around as we speak.
Oh, Iruma!
Off I go!
Have a lovely day.
Ah, Iruma sir.
A very good morning to you.
Oh, hi!
Azz! Clara!
Wow, you're playing tag
first thing in the morning?
Always training
and refusing to fly
so you can be ready
for any situation.
That's splendid, Master Iruma.
-[chuckles]
-Truly fantastic.
-Will your wonders never cease?
-[CLARA] Taggy-tag. Taggy-tag!
[cacophonous shrieking]
Yay, lunchtime!
And also,
the top of Sabnock Mountain.
-Iruma-kins.
-[IRUMA] Huh?
Why don't you play, too?
Sabro climbing.
Thanks, I'm good.
-[SABNOCK] My hearty rival!
-[IRUMA gasps]
Dost thou not possess
resolve enough
to conquer
the peak known as Sabro?
[CLARA]
Yeah.
[IRUMA] Uh, you sure
you're okay with this?
Can I prep first?
[SABNOCK]
Fine. Suit yourself.
[sighs]
[IRUMA]
Go back to the human world, huh?
I've gotten so used to
going with the flow
in the netherworld,
that I've never
even thought about it.
"I'll be waiting
in the common room."
Send.
[sighs]
Perhaps it's rude of me
to just keep
sending messages to him
again and again.
Ha. I should try one of
the human customs.
[gasps] Come to think of it,
I do seem to recall a scene
from "First Love Memories"
where a person was summoned
as well.
[RIN] "Dear Kakeru, I'll be
waiting for you behind the gym
after school today. Rin."
[AMERI] "Dear Iruma,
I'll be waiting for you
in the common room
after school. Ameri."
[gasps]
[shudders]
I have no idea
why this is so embarrassing!
[IRUMA] Man, this food has
no business being so delicious.
[EIKO]
Stare.
Iruma has such
a healthy appetite.
[chomping noisily]
You need only graduate
with a high rank,
thus reopening the door
to the human world,
allowing you to walk
right through it.
[IRUMA] Me getting a high rank
even though I'm not a demon?
I guess that could happen,
but ranking high would
just make me stand out more.
-[footsteps approaching]
-[ASMODEUS] Iruma sir.
If I may, I'd love to offer you
the remainder
of my luncheon meal as well.
Eat up, Iruma-kins!
Down the hatch!
[IRUMA mumbles, mouthful]
Thanks, Clara.
Master Iruma, is something
weighing on your mind right now?
Huh?
If there's anything
I can do for you,
-please don't hesi--
-[cell phone chimes]
-[BOTH] Huh?
-[IRUMA] Excuse me.
[gasps] Thanks for lunch.
I'm gonna head out for a bit.
See ya.
I shall go with you!
Yeah, me, too! Me, too!
Sorry, but this is something
I really need to do by myself.
Be back soon.
[BOTH gasp]
[SABNOCK]
Hmph.
Such a restless rival.
[grunts]
Hmm?
[ASMODEUS AND CLARA grunt]
-What's up?
-Something's wrong!
-Yeah, wrong.
-[SABNOCK] Huh?
For the past few days, he's been
wandering off on his own,
and he won't tell us anything.
Where could he be going?!
The stress of it all
is keeping me up at night.
I wanna play with Iruma-kins!
Then why don't you
just follow him?
-I could never be so intrusi--
-[CLARA] Good idea!
-Ready, set, and charge!
-Valac, no!
Iruma-kins, come out and play.
If you're going,
I'm coming with.
Aw, feeling lonely, Azz-Azz?
No. It's that the thought of you
going by yourself
invokes serious concern in me.
[chuckles] I knew it.
Azz-Azz is so lonely.
Did you hear a word I said?!
If we're agreed, it looks like
we'll be declining the request
from the disciplinary butlers.
Do you think
we're still in good standing
having the same budget
as we did last year, president?
Your thoughts?
[AMERI sighing nervously]
-President?
-[gasps]
Uh, yes, that's fine.
We're done. Dismissed.
Uh, president,
where are you going?
To make my rounds.
What's this "date" you speak of?
[IRUMA]
Oh? Um, well,
it's when two people
who like each other
hang out and have fun.
[chuckles softly]
Uh, it's a date.
[ALL]
Did you say "date"?
Uh, that's the term
for an extra special patrol
of the school!
-And don't follow me!
-[BOY] President.
-What did I just say?!
-[door slams]
Iruma-kins?
Iruma-kins!
-Iruma-kins?
-[meows]
Iruma-kins!
Would you stop that?!
"Tailing" means
when you follow someone,
you do it quietly,
or you blow your cover.
You mean like a wife trying to
prove her husband is cheating?
[ASMODEUS]
Why is that your go-to example?
-Anyway--
-[BOY 1] Hey, it's that weirdo.
[BOY 2] Is she gonna go
all freaky again?
You draw too much attention
to yourself.
Ohh!
If you keep acting like this,
then we can't tail him.
You're the last person
I wanna hear that from.
[GIRL 1]
Oh, Asmodeus.
You're so gorgeous
when you're being all bossy.
[GIRL 2]
Burn me to ash!
No, don't let him burn you.
I'll do the burning
with my steady
and passionate gaze.
[grunts]
[ALL gasp]
Let's just go already.
-Oh, to play?
-No, you fool!
To tail him, of course.
But first, we have to go to
Come-Come's store
and buy some
detection-warding glasses.
[ASMODEUS grunts uncomfortably]
[CLARA giggles]
Are these really all you have?!
[COME-COME]
Yup.
[NARRATOR]
Allow me to explain.
Detection-warding glasses
are magical items
that make the wearer
harder to detect.
It doesn't matter
how much you may stand out,
the instant you put these on,
not a single person
will notice your existence.
[laughing]
You don't have
any other styles at all?
-[COME-COME] Nope.
-I want these ones.
Give me, give me!
[AMERI panting]
[footsteps approaching]
Huh?
-Uh, hey, um, are you alright?
-[AMERI] Worry not.
-[IRUMA] 'Kay.
[panting]
Did you wait long?
Nope. I just got here.
Wonderful!
Your timing was perfect.
[AMERI]
I'll be counting on you.
[BOTH gasp in surprise]
You see that?!
It's not fair.
This situation is most grave.
You get that, right?
No fair!
She's being so selfish.
I wanna play, too! [growls]
[ASMODEUS]
Get ahold of yourself.
Don't you realize who that is?
That's the
student council president.
Yeah, well she's being unfair.
I'm gonna go play, too.
You clearly have no idea
how severe this situation is.
Since Master Iruma obviously
wants to reign over this school,
they are the biggest obstacle
in his way.
It's clear
that the student council
currently rules
over everything here!
Those look good on you.
Would you listen?
Don't you see?
He's trying to get the
student council in his clutches
so he can one day
gain control over them.
Wha...
[ASMODEUS] I knew he had to be
plotting something,
but to think his plan
was overtaking the council...
[voice breaking] And he doesn't
want any harm to befall us,
so he's been doing this
on his own!
-[CLARA] Off to play!
-[grunts]
[in normal voice]
I can't stay here!
I need to observe master Iruma's
bravery in closer detail!
Okay, ready to go again?
We'll be starting
with volume five,
since that's where we left off.
Indeed.
[IRUMA imitating RIN]
"Wait long?"
[imitating KAKERU]
"Not at all. Just got here."
[imitating RIN]
"Where should we go?"
[imitating KAKERU]
"Fly safe.”
[imitating RIN]
"You're so kind, Kakeru."
[imitating KAKERU]
"Do you have a dream, Rin?"
[imitating RIN]
"Yes, there was one
"I pursued
for a really long time.
But it finally came true."
[imitating KAKERU]
"Oh?"
[imitating RIN]
"My current dream is to
"use my strength to do all I can
to protect the one I love.
So my dream right now
is to be a beautiful bride."
[imitating KAKERU]
"Badump."
So, dreams.
Ah, referring to ambitions.
Huh? Well, sure, I guess.
So now she'll destroy anyone
who tries to get in her way,
and throw them aside
like garbage.
I don't think
we're on the same page here.
So there won't be throwing?
That's disappointing.
[chuckles softly]
Oh, yeah, dreams.
[SABNOCK]
This won't set me back.
I'll just keep
climbing the ranks
and aim to become
Demon King.
[IRUMA]
Hmm. Huh?
-Ameri?
-[gasps]
If I can ask, do you have
any big dreams for the future?
[AMERI]
Dreams?
You're asking me?
Hmm.
♪
[chuckles softly]
I am very proud to be a demon,
through and through.
[gasps in awe]
And my desire,
is for the other demons
to be just as proud.
That's why...
I want to inspire the minds
of the students here
and make this
a house of learning
that any demon
would long to attend.
That is my true ambition.
[gasps]
I'll be helping
with my father's work
after I graduate,
but it's clear
what I must do before then.
Amazing.
Although, I also wouldn't mind
working at a bakery
or a florist, either.
-[sighs]
-What?!
Don't you have
any ambitions to speak of?
Huh? Do I have any?
Hmm. Let me think on that.
Honestly, I'm pretty satisfied
just having fun
with all the people
I've met around here.
No, that's only an ideal.
I asked you
what your ambitions are.
[gasps questioningly]
Ideals and ambitions
are different.
[gasps]
What I want to know
is what you're eager
to achieve for yourself.
Your desire.
So I'll ask you again, Iruma.
And tell me the truth.
What is your dream?
A dream?
For me?
♪
-Now can I charge in?
-Absolutely not!
Su-ki-ma!
[IRUMA]
Off I go.
[OPERA]
Have a lovely day.
[SULLIVAN]
Sorry I'm late.
Wait, where's my grandson?
He actually headed off
to school already.
[SULLIVAN]
What? I must find him!
[grunting]
Come back, Iruma! Don't be shy!
Let grandpa dearest
give you a ride.
You don't have to do this,
Grandpa, really!
[NARRATOR] He might've
actually stood out less
if he'd just gotten
on the carriage.
[CLARA]
That's the president? No fair.
How dare she snag all that
playtime with Iruma-kins?
I wanna fully,
smooshingly play with him, too!
Hmm! How do I get my comfy,
perfect playtime with him back?
Jelly, jelly,
peanut butter jelly.
Is this jealousy?
Next time,
"Head Over Heels for Clara."
I hope you're prepared,
Iruma-kins.
I'm gonna wrap you
around my pinky finger
and make you fall for me.
♪